Hi friends. In this video,
we are going to write Python Bhutto three,
skip to list your snapshots based on startTime.
I mean, so you know,
while taking snapshots, right?
So based on time,
so you're just arguing that you created snapshots around six AM today for dialysis.
Same, you are going to take a snapshot.
You have some automation script which will take snapshots
daily at six AM or at 06:00 PM or busines, you're required time.
Now what are the snapshots you create a, right?
Suppose, let's say at six AM,
I want to list them, right?
For that, how you can create a put u3 script that may go and open my terminal theology.
We how just to list out all your EC2 instance,
sorry, snapshots, right?
Get all snapshots.
Now here. Yeah, first let
me you can implement this with your client or even impure resource as well.
Now let me run this first.
Now, see, you are getting two snapshots from
euro coin right now I want to see what is the time,
I mean creation time for that, right?
So for that, if you don't know how to take operation,
just do like this VaR on
each snap so that you can see there's this quote I am taking from your previous video.
See if you observe here some very how start time, that's it.
They simply operation on your object,
which will do startTime.
Now what I am doing is start time.
Right?
Now let me run this and see the output first.
So you are getting one snapshot.
Time is this one on one more snapshot is this one.
Right?
It's just assumed that Tuesday morning I had taken some snapshots.
Right.
Could a morning I have taken some snapshots at around 415.
As of now, I am having only one snapshot for 54 hours,
15 minutes, 44 seconds, something.
Right?
Today, one morning at 415 buddy mortgages or unit around six AM RPM, something like that.
Okay.
Because already I have taken some snapshot based on that, I wonder I district.
Now.
As of now I am having only one snapshot which is having this timestamp, right?
But assume that daily I'm digging some ten snapshots or some 50 snapshots.
But based on time,
I want to list them which snapshots are taken around the stamp.
Right?
So for that, how you can implement a script.
See what others are going to write that should work today or tomorrow,
or day after tomorrow or at any date.
I mean, if you run the skip today,
then it has to list out the snapshot which are taken are only your required temp.
So for that, what I am doing is get all snaps.
I inputted already datetime module.
Let me create today.
Take goes to date time dot datetime lot.
Now, know what is your required start time?
Let me create my start time.
So guys, you don't need to create datetime object that is using date Time.deltaTime.
So whatever, today's date,
today dot 0r today,
month, then today dot today.
Offer that you're very day, right?
Whenever if I run this script today,
it has to list out at snapshots which are taken around 41544 seconds.
But if you schedule some jobs,
you know, through lambda,
exactly a six-year experience,
then under time, just agenda,
you have taken a snapshot around six AM.
Then six.
That's it.
But here actually to identify because already taken around four, sorry, 41544 seconds.
That's why I'm taking this time format.
Now this is my start time.
Right?
Now what I am doing is say let me print first to this.
Whatever the startTime I have taken,
write print, start on us for time.
C, the output for this.
So this is time format I'm getting right.
In this time format,
you need to modify this.
I mean, you are snapshot time.
So for that, what I am doing is start time,
then I'm using string format time object.
So here, let me take hyphen wait,
because I need to get B, sorry, month right.
Then date, then space,
then hours, minutes, and seconds.
Say I'm taking from my account all snapshots and I'm displaying the snapshot time.
So if you want to display your snapshot also, I mean IID,
each snap dot id,
and then it's created creation time. Right?
See this snapshot has been created around this time.
The snapshot is good at around this time.
Now what I am doing is whatever the required time you,
how in your hand start time.
I'm lambda compared with
that scene
before printing your snapshot.
If you will, snapshot diagram.
If it is equals to our required start time,
then only I want to capture that.
That's it.
Now if I run this script C, what happened?
Yeah, I miss the balance is right.
That's fine.
Then you are not getting why you are not getting any.
Let me verify it.
Ok.
So that is a string, right?
Let me take this as a string. Now let me run it.
See, you are able to display now the snapshot ID,
which has taken around 41544 seconds, right?
So if you have multiple snapshots which are created our own four hours,
15 minutes, 44 seconds.
So our script is going to list out all of them.
Now in newer while practicing with script,
we just modify your chain based on your required time you can modify here.
So this is 24 hours format time, right?
So if it is, suppose 01:00 PM,
you heard right, 13, right?
In this way you have to write.
Okay, so this is the simple script just to identify
the snapshots which are taken today at around six AM or 06:00 PM.
But he had to poverty have time in 24 hours format.
Right now it is only in the here where it is you're hearing how to format.
That's a so this is simple script just to list out all your EC2,
sorry, easy two snapshots, right?
Which are which are having based on your required startTime.
Okay? Okay. Yes. Thank you for watching this video.